again.
Guys,
welcome back.
I'm just going to tell you this up a little weeks,
I normally like to leave a blank line in between.
Let's just remove those freeze panes auto size that have that They're okay.
Okay,
guys,
No.
We have built out of super complicated formula that returns either a zero or a one after
evaluating the start date compared to this cell on the end date compared to that cell or we
can do now is apply some simple,
conditional formatting to color this thing in.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna be on the home tab.
We're gonna choose conditional formatting on.
We're going to create a new rule on what we're gonna do is we're going to say,
use a formula to determine which sells to format.
So now we want to look at this self just here Now,
by default,
it's absolute cell references to absolute see absolute seven.
I'm just gonna hit therefore a few times,
so I get it to see seven.
So what I'm gonna say is,
if C seven equals zero,
then the form that I want to apply because I don't want to see this zero in black text I
wanna have the funds color to white.
I'm just going to click,
Okay?
And then I'm gonna click OK again.
So they got zero is still there.
You can see that the formula still there.
But now we can't see the zero because the conditional formatting as colored the funds as
white.
So what I'm gonna do is copy that format in over a levar days at so whips and easy.
So we should know,
See,
is all of those zeros become colourless that is white on all of their ones remain.
So the next thing we need to do is do something with one.
So again we're going to come to conditional formatting.
We're going to create a new rule again.
Again,
we're going to use a formula to determine which sells to format.
We're gonna click this little box,
and we're gonna click on this cell and again we're going to hit therefore,
because we don't want to be on absolute de absolute seven.
So we've slight to our cell were going to say equals one on.
Then what do we want to do?
So we're going to choose format,
and we're going to choose fell because we want to color the cell in.
Let's have it in that rather nice blue there.
But there's one more thing that we need to do Will come back to me in just a second.
But for now,
I'm just gonna hit okay on hit,
OK game.
And you can see that the background of the cell has been colored blue,
but we can still see the one.
So what we want to do is go to conditional formatting.
We want to manage rules and this is the one we want to add it.
So I'm just going to highlight this and hit edit rule So we still want d seven equals one.
But the format We're going to go funds and also color the funds in the same blue and they
have hit OK and then hit.
OK,
and now when we hit OK,
you can see that you can't see them one anymore because it's the same color as the
background.
So again,
former painter,
copy that over a lot of our days and,
well,
we all the way to the end there a way to the end over here.
I think that's all of thumb scroll down.
It's was over this way,
Ugo.
In fact,
let's certainly assuming so you can see a little bit more of that.
So So this has been invaluable.
Obviously,
didn't copy health the way down.
There's couple that formats in on Go all the way over here on a way down to the bottom.
There you go.
So now we can see our Gant lines across,
and obviously we're in increments of one.
So we changed that to increments of seven.
We should be on start to Seymour Data.
There you go.
It's happily colored in all of these things.
So amazing Sullivan started.
Ran about the 14th of January 2010 on left us somewhere around about the ninth and we can
move up here and we can see that Ava Anderson started somewhere in the 28th of the 10th
have finished somewhere and the 23rd of the 12th.
Now,
obviously we can We can change our air in increments of here so we could go in months and
they go,
We can see a lot more data now,
So we know that Oscar Kelly started somewhere around the six of the 11th that sorry,
the first of the 6 2011th Andi finish somewhere and 30 for the seventh,
or we could go to six monthly.
On they go,
you can see that the timeline becomes even more compacted on.
That's the beauty of using this increment is that you're not stuck with heavy.
Set it up to begin with,
and you don't have to keep rewriting your formulas across here just because we added that
increments value in way up front.
It's just change that back to seven.
And there you go.
There's a Gant charts,
and that's how you create again.
Chart.
You can't see anything in the 1st 1 that that's a little better.
Sago.
That's how you create a gun charge using a spreadsheet or a work sheet.
Next,
we can have a look at how you do exactly the same thing,
but this time,
using one of excels built in charts.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture